README.md, before:

# Braintree iOS Visa Checkout SDK

Welcome to Braintree's iOS Visa Checkout SDK. This library will help you accept Visa Checkout payments in your iOS app.

**The Braintree iOS Visa Checkout SDK is currently in a limited release and the API is subject to change.**

**The Braintree iOS Visa Checkout SDK requires Xcode 12+**. It permits a Deployment Target of iOS 12.0 or higher.

## Getting Started

We recommend using [CocoaPods](https://github.com/CocoaPods/CocoaPods) to integrate the Braintree iOS Visa Checkout SDK with your project.

The Braintree iOS Visa Checkout SDK depends on and includes the Visa Checkout iOS SDK. Reference the [Visa Checkout](#visa-checkout) section for details on accessing the Visa Checkout iOS SDK.

### CocoaPods

Add to your `Podfile`:
```
pod 'BraintreeVisaCheckout'
```
Then run `pod install`. This includes everything you need to accept Visa Checkout payments.

Customize your integration by specifying additional components. For example, to add PayPal support:
```
pod 'BraintreeVisaCheckout'
pod 'Braintree/PayPal'
```

See our [`Podspec`](Braintree.podspec) for more information.

## Documentation

Start with [**'Hello, Client!'**](https://developers.braintreepayments.com/ios/start/hello-client) for instructions on basic setup and usage.

Next, read the [**full documentation on Braintree Visa Checkout**](https://developers.braintreepayments.com/guides/visa-checkout/overview) for information about the Visa Checkout integration and tokenization.

Finally, [**cocoadocs.org/docsets/BraintreeVisaCheckout**](http://cocoadocs.org/docsets/BraintreeVisaCheckout) hosts the complete, up-to-date API documentation generated straight from the header files.

## Demo

A demo app is included in project. To run it, run `pod install` and then open `BraintreeVisaCheckout.xcworkspace` in Xcode.

## Visa Checkout

The [VisaCheckout.framework](/Frameworks/VisaCheckoutSDK.framework) is included in this SDK. You do not need to explicitly include the Visa Checkout SDK in your Podfile.

## Help

* Read the headers
* [Read the docs](https://developers.braintreepayments.com/ios/sdk/client)
* Find a bug? [Open an issue](https://github.com/braintree/braintree-ios-visa-checkout/issues)
* Want to contribute? [Check out contributing guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) and [submit a pull request](https://help.github.com/articles/creating-a-pull-request).

## Feedback

The Braintree iOS Visa Checkout SDK is in active development, we welcome your feedback!

Here are a few ways to get in touch:

* [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/braintree/braintree-ios-visa-checkout/issues) - For generally applicable issues and feedback
* [Braintree Support](https://help.braintreepayments.com)  - for personal support at any phase of integration

### License

The Braintree iOS Visa Checkout SDK is open source and available under the MIT license. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for more info.

Commit message:

Add SPM Support (#20)
* Add Package.swift
* Update header files to satisfy SPM (see the DEVELOPMENT.md for braintree_ios which explains this)
* Update import syntax when needed, to use modular style imports
* Nest public headers in BraintreeVisaCheckout directory (also explained in the DEVELOPMENT.md linked above)
* Add SPMTest app for testing on CI (and manually when needed)
* Add CI build for SPM, using SPMTest sample app
* Update CHANGELOG & README
Signed-off-by: Samantha Cannillo <samantha.cannillo@getbraintree.com>
Co-authored-by: Steven Shropshire <steven.shropshire@getbraintree.com>
Co-authored-by: Sarah Koop <skoop@paypal.com>

README.md, after:

# Braintree iOS Visa Checkout SDK

Welcome to Braintree's iOS Visa Checkout SDK. This library will help you accept Visa Checkout payments in your iOS app.

**The Braintree iOS Visa Checkout SDK is currently in a limited release and the API is subject to change.**

**The Braintree iOS Visa Checkout SDK requires Xcode 13+**. It permits a Deployment Target of iOS 12.0 or higher.

## Getting Started

We recommend using [Swift Package Manager](https://swift.org/package-manager/) or [CocoaPods](https://github.com/CocoaPods/CocoaPods) to integrate the BraintreeVisaCheckout SDK with your project.

The Braintree iOS Visa Checkout SDK depends on and includes the Visa Checkout iOS SDK. Reference the [Visa Checkout](#visa-checkout) section for details on accessing the Visa Checkout iOS SDK.

### Swift Package Manager

To add the `BraintreeVisaCheckout` package to your Xcode project, select _File > Swift Packages > Add Package Dependency_ and enter `https://github.com/braintree/braintree-ios-visa-checkout.git` as the repository URL. Tick the checkboxes for the  `BraintreeVisaCheckout` library.

### CocoaPods

Add to your `Podfile`:
```
pod 'BraintreeVisaCheckout'
```

## Documentation

Start with [**'Hello, Client!'**](https://developers.braintreepayments.com/ios/start/hello-client) for instructions on basic setup and usage.

Next, read the [**full documentation on Braintree Visa Checkout**](https://developers.braintreepayments.com/guides/visa-checkout/overview) for information about the Visa Checkout integration and tokenization.

Finally, [**cocoadocs.org/docsets/BraintreeVisaCheckout**](http://cocoadocs.org/docsets/BraintreeVisaCheckout) hosts the complete, up-to-date API documentation generated straight from the header files.

## Demo

A demo app is included in project. To run it, run `pod install` and then open `BraintreeVisaCheckout.xcworkspace` in Xcode.

## Visa Checkout

The [VisaCheckout.framework](/Frameworks/VisaCheckoutSDK.framework) is included in this SDK. You do not need to explicitly include the Visa Checkout SDK in your Podfile.

## Help

* Read the headers
* [Read the docs](https://developers.braintreepayments.com/ios/sdk/client)
* Find a bug? [Open an issue](https://github.com/braintree/braintree-ios-visa-checkout/issues)
* Want to contribute? [Check out contributing guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) and [submit a pull request](https://help.github.com/articles/creating-a-pull-request).

## Feedback

The Braintree iOS Visa Checkout SDK is in active development, we welcome your feedback!

Here are a few ways to get in touch:

* [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/braintree/braintree-ios-visa-checkout/issues) - For generally applicable issues and feedback
* [Braintree Support](https://help.braintreepayments.com)  - for personal support at any phase of integration

### License

The Braintree iOS Visa Checkout SDK is open source and available under the MIT license. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for more info.
